image-copy-gcp events doc + deleting enforce events (#1590)
chainguard-dev/edu: content/chainguard/administration/cloudevents/image-copy-gcr/index.md

    * [Artifact Registry API](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry/docs/reference/rest)
    * [Cloud Run Admin API](https://cloud.google.com/run/docs/reference/rest)
* The [`gcloud` CLI](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install) installed on your local machine. You'll need this to authenticate to Google Cloud over the command line.

## Setting up the Terraform configuration

You can find all the code associated with this sample application in our [Platform Examples](https://github.com/chainguard-dev/platform-examples/tree/main/image-copy-gcp) repository on GitHub. 

To set up the sample application, you can create a Terraform configuration file and apply it to set up the necessary resources. To begin, create a new directory to hold the configuration and navigate into it.

```sh
mkdir ~/gcp-example && cd $_
```

After navigating into the new directory you can begin creating a Terraform configuration named `main.tf`.

This configuration will consist of a single module. For the purposes of this example, we will call it `image-copy`. This module's `source` value will be the `iac` folder from the application code in the examples repository.

```
module "image-copy" {

>   source = "github.com/chainguard-dev/platform-examples//image-copy-gcp/iac"

Reviewer: is the `//` in `platform-examples//image-copy-gcp` correct? afaik this wouldn't trigger errors on Linux (it's ignored) but can cause confusion

Author: This is what the example shows in the examples repo: 

but you're right! it does seem like an error. I'll fix it in my doc and see if I can fix it upstream too.

* The next line specifies the location of the Artifact Registry repository and the Cloud Run subscriber.
* The final line defines `dst_repo` value, which is used to create a name for the repository in the Artifact Registry where images will be mirrored.

As an example, if the `name` value you specify is `chainguard-dev` and the `dst_repo` value is `mirrored` (as shown in the following example) any pushes to `cgr.dev/<organization>/foo` will be mirrored to `<location>-docker.pkg.dev/<project_id>/chainguard-dev-mirrored`

Be sure to include to include a closing curly bracket after the final line.

```
  name = "chainguard-dev"

  project_id = "<project-id>"

  group = "<organization-id>"

  location = "us-central1" 

  dst_repo = "mirrored"
}
```

You can create this file with a command like the following.

```sh
cat > main.tf <<EOF
module "image-copy" {
  source = "github.com/chainguard-dev/platform-examples//image-copy-gcp/iac"

  name = "chainguard-dev"

  project_id = "<project-id>"

  group = "<organization-id>"

  location = "us-central1" 

  dst_repo = "mirrored"
}
EOF
```

> After that you can apply the configuration to get the application up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to replace the placeholders with your own settings for `project_id` and `group`. In the next section, we'll see how to apply the configuration to get the application up and running.
```

Reviewer: just an idea because when reading "after that you can apply"... I wasn't so sure I should run something on my own or wait for instructions

Author: Much clearer, thanks!

Before applying the configuration, you'll need to log in to both the Chainguard platform with `chainctl` and GCP with `gcloud`.

```sh
chainctl auth login
gcloud auth login
```

If you haven't already done so, you will also need to acquire new access credentials to use as [Application Default Credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/application-default-credentials). You can do so with this command.

```sh
gcloud auth application-default login
```

Following that, run `terraform init` to initialize Terraform’s working directory.

```sh
terraform init
```

Then run `terraform plan`. This will produce a speculative execution plan that outlines what steps Terraform will take to create the resources defined in the file you set up in the last section.

```sh
terraform plan
```

If the plan worked successfully and you’re satisfied that it will produce the resources you expect, you can apply it.

```sh
terraform apply

> ```

Reviewer: I got a warning from this command:

```
│ Warning: Redundant empty provider block
│ 
│   on .terraform/modules/image-copy/image-copy-gcp/iac/main.tf line 18:
│   18: provider "chainguard" {}
│ 
│ Earlier versions of Terraform used empty provider blocks ("proxy provider configurations") for child modules to declare their
│ need to be passed a provider configuration by their callers. That approach was ambiguous and is now deprecated.
│ 
│ If you control this module, you can migrate to the new declaration syntax by removing all of the empty provider "chainguard"
│ blocks and then adding or updating an entry like the following to the required_providers block of module.image-copy:
│     chainguard = {
│       source = "chainguard-dev/chainguard"
│     }
│ 
│ (and 2 more similar warnings elsewhere)
```

Is it something we could update to not have this deprecation warning? otherwise it might be worth adding a note about it

My terraform version:
```
Terraform v1.8.4
on linux_amd64
+ provider registry.terraform.io/chainguard-dev/chainguard v0.1.8
+ provider registry.terraform.io/chainguard-dev/cosign v0.0.20
+ provider registry.terraform.io/hashicorp/google v5.31.1
+ provider registry.terraform.io/ko-build/ko v0.0.15
```

Author: Pretty sure I was seeing this warning as well. Good call, I think I see where the upstream fix is for this. I'll resolve this convo but know that I'll play around with fixing this asap, along with the other upstream fix

You can find the results of the application in your GCP Project's dashboard. Navigate to your GCP Project's **Artifact Registry**, then click on the mirror repository you set up with Terraform. There, you will find any Images that have been added to your organization's Registry since you deployed the application. This example shows a repository named `chainguard-dev-mirrored` with two Images (`node` and `python`) mirrored into it.

![Screenshot of a repository in a GCP Artifact Registry named "chainguard-dev-mirrored." This repository shows two Images stored within it. The first, `node`, was created and updated 36 minutes ago, while the second, `python`, was created and last updated 33 minutes ago.](gcp-events-1.png)

> Be aware that just because the application is listening for `registry.push` events doesn't mean any will occur automatically. Chainguard Images are generally updated at least once every twenty four hours, so Images may not immediately appear in your mirror repository.

Reviewer: Great to add this info here, I used the `chainguard.edu` org and wasn't sure if I did something wrong because it was empty, but now it makes sense!

Author: :smile:

## Removing sample resources

If you'd like to remove the resources you created with Terraform, you can run the `terraform destroy` command.

```sh

> terraform destroy

Reviewer: also thanks for adding this bit here, I was worried to not delete the wrong things when turning it down :D
